(wind whistling)
(swoosh)
(air blasting)
(man grunts)
(crowd awed)
You took down the commander
with one blow!
Very impressive, Princess Iris.
I always knew Her Highness
possessed extraordinary talent.
You're amazing, Iris.
[ref] He's out!
The winner is Iris Midgar!
[students] Congratulations,
Student Council President.
-You're the pride of the
Royal Bushin method.
-With Princess Iris,
Midgar will always be safe.
[commander]
The local citizens can handle
restoring public order
in those remote regions.
There's no reason you
should have to travel
all the way out there to help.
After all,
it won't do to take work away
from the
Dark Knight Association.
There are more important things
for you to be doing.
Things that only you can
accomplish.
[citizens] Princess Iris!
-You finally officially
joined the Knights!
-She cuts such a dashing figure.
-You're the pride of
the Midgar Kingdom.
-Princess Iris!
(swoosh)
(air blasting)
(gentle piano music)
[Alpha] Why don't you be
a good audience member
and content yourself
with sitting back
and enjoying the show?
So you expect me to do nothing
and just watch?
Please be reasonable.
If we can't use our magic,
even you are powerless
against them.
(gasps)
I don't understand, Father,
the Divine Teachings have-
[Midgar] But you have no proof.
That's why I need to invoke
your royal authority,
so I can get proof.
[Midgar]
Iris, acting impetuously
will only create more enemies.
Even if what
you're doing is right,
there is no guarantee
that those
who don't know the
circumstances
will understand
that it is right.
[Iris] But-
[Midgar] Besides,
with the Bushin Festival
approaching,
this is a time
when we must welcome
many guests from other nations.
We cannot afford
to present ourselves
as standing in opposition
to the Divine Teachings.
[Iris] But we can't just let
them get away with it.
Listen, Iris,
it sounds like you
are so desperate
to prove yourself right
that you are willing
to put the kingdom
and its people in danger.
(gasps)
I'll get results.
I will prove to them all
that I have the power.
(swoosh)
(ground crumbling)
I have the will to triumph.
(OPENING THEME)
(fireworks exploding)
[Kagenou]
Once you get the hang of it,
these VIP seats sure are nice.
Ask the maids for
pretty much anything
and they'll bring it to you,
free of charge.
[Iris] Good morning.
(uh)
Hello, good morning to you.
Are you here to cheer for
Claire again today?
Yes, I am.
And you're sitting here
again today.
That's because I have another
match later on this afternoon.
So I've been released from
my official duties.
Oh, are you drinking coffee?
That beverage
they sell at Mitsugoshi?
I love how it smells,
but I have trouble
with bitter flavors.
Have you tried turning it
into coffee milk?
You just put in
a ton of milk and sugar.
[Iris] Coffee milk?
It's a magic spell that will
make every kind of coffee
taste exactly the same.
(bright playful music)
Magic?
Uh...
[both] Umm...
(pouring sounds)
[both] Huh?
Oh, yummy.
[Kagenou] Hashtag elegant
breakfast with the princess.
This would totally go viral
on the internet.
[usher] Miss, your sword?
[Beatrix] Not allowed?
[nobles] Who's that?
-Do you think she's a beggar?
-What happened to security?
Isn't that?
I'm terribly sorry, Miss,
but I'd like to check your
invitation again if I may.
[Iris] It's all right.
I invited her.
[all] Huh?
[usher] Princess Iris...
Welcome,
Beatrix the Goddess of War.
[both] Huh?
[nobles]
Beatrix the Goddess of War?
-The legendary elf sword master?
-She's beautiful.
[Iris] Please come with me.
Oh, that's so cool.
Goddess of War, sword master...
I would absolutely love it
if people said,
"Isn't he the legendary,"
about me?
Wait, they're just gonna come
sit right here?
[noble]
It has been quite a while since
anyone's seen you in public,
hasn't it, Lady Beatrix?
Yes, I'm actually looking for
someone, my niece.
She looks very much like me.
Do you know if anyone
has seen her?
[Kagenou]
I'm keeping my lips sealed.
Tight as a clam.
[noble]
...ever forget seeing her.
I've heard that people have
seen elves frequently
in this kingdom lately.
[nobles]
Unfortunately, I haven't.
-I don't recall
seeing her either.
I'm sorry.
I was sure that
if you asked around here,
there must be someone
who had heard.
[Kagenou] Looking around
this might be the most
background charactery
I've ever been.
A background character
in the background
of background characters
who are surrounding
named characters.
I love it.
There's one.
It's Cid.
[Iris] Cid?
[nobles] Cid?
[Beatrix]
Cid has caught my attention.
I'm sure he will grow stronger.
No, I won't, that's ridiculous.
He is a student at the academy,
but honestly, I don't think
he's knight material.
He doesn't even come close
to being as good
as his sister, Claire Kagenou.
[nobl] Kagenou? You don't mean
the son of that baldy?
Well, if that is what the
Lady Beatrix believes,
then I am certain
she must be right.
Of course, good point.
We will look forward
to his future.
[nobles] Is this clueless
woman really the War Goddess?
-She's Princess Iris'
invited guest, so probably.
-She doesn't look like
she could fight a cold,
let alone a person.
-Shh! They can hear you!
I see...
She definitely seems to
have what it takes
to be called a goddess of war.
Her looks, her personality, her
title, and even her strength.
Everything about her is
perfectly natural and
unembellished.
That's why no one can see
how powerful she really is.
(Oriana groaning)
There.
I have no complaints about the
efficacy of this drug,
but can we stop it from making
him smell so sickeningly sweet?
Cover it up with
perfume or something.
As you command my liege.
[Perv]
All it takes is one little drug
and you're reduced to a puppet
that can only do
as you're commanded.
You really are pathetic.
I truly pity you, Your Majesty.
But let me reassure you.
I have no doubt your dear Rose
will come back to save
her pitiful father.
(mumbling) Rose...
If she had been a good girl
and given me the key
as she was commanded,
I wouldn't have minded
letting her roam free.
Wait, that's right.
She was already showing some
symptoms of possession,
wasn't she?
That makes her perfect for
the Cult's experimentation.
Either way,
she'll end up in our custody.
[Perv]
There's a chance that Rose
might fail to appear.
If that's the case I only have
to use this puppet
to slay the King of Midgar.
If that happens, there will be
a war between the two kingdoms
and Oriana will
likely be destroyed.
My current rank and status will
become just dust in the wind,
but that doesn't matter.
The arrangements are
already in place
to install a puppet leader
as the next King of Midgar.
I'll probably have the
highest chance of success
if I act during
Iris Midgar's match.
But this Mundane Mann...
I looked into his background
and found nothing.
I have no doubt he is a
resident of the underworld
and one in a very dangerous
position at that.
What purpose can
he possibly have
for coming out into the light?
I've deployed the greatest
number of soldiers possible,
but now I'm worried about
Shadow Garden.
How will they react
to all of this?
It would appear that they
are working in conjunction
with Rose.
[Beatrix] You stink.
Huh?
You stink.
[Perv] How dare you say
that to His Majesty?!
Guards,
remove this woman immediately!
[Iris] Lord Perv!
[Perv] Oh, Princess Iris.
Please let me introduce you.
This woman is my invited guest.
This is the legendary Beatrix,
the Goddess of War.
[Perv] Huh? Beatrix?
The woman who may have awakened
the hero's blood within?
That Beatrix?
Sorry.
No, I'm sorry.
I may not have recognized you,
but that's no excuse.
Please relax and enjoy
the Bushin Festival.
[Perv] The Goddess of War?
What is she doing at this
tournament of all places?
I'm going to have to look
for an opportunity to
eliminate her.
But how can I?
She's even better with
a sword than Iris.
Will it even be possible to
assassinate the King of Midgar?
Yes, it will. As long as
Rose makes an appearance,
everything will be fine.
I'll just have to
capture the girl
and proceed with our Oriana
operations as planned.
There's nothing to worry about.
She WILL be here.
There shouldn't be
anything to worry about.
Hmm?
(suspenseful music)
Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go!
(sighs)
[Perv] Why should I be envious
of any of the ignorant masses?
(blades crash)
(thunder rumbles)
[nobles] That Claire Kagenou's
not a bad fighter.
-Even the great Princess Iris
recognized her talent,
and it looks like
she's gotten even better.
[Perv] She does have potential,
but I don't think
she'll be a threat.
Honestly, if all of them
could be at her level,
my job would be
so much easier.
[ref]
The winner, Claire Kagenou.
(excited chatter)
(crowd cheering)
[spectators] Princess Iris!
-I know you will win,
Your Highness!
-Bring us victory!
[Iris] These cheers are my
strength AND my mission.
"As long as we have
Iris Midgar,
the kingdom will be safe."
I need them to think that,
to keep thinking that!
And to make sure they do...
(crowd cheering)
Mundane Mann...
(suspenseful music)
He is, without a doubt,
a powerful opponent.
Even standing
face-to-face with him,
I can't sense an iota of
strength from him.
But there's
something about him,
something I can't
put my finger on.
Nevertheless, I'm still
confident I can defeat him.
I'll give it
everything I've got
as soon as the match begins.
Whatever it is
that he's hiding,
I won't give him even
a second to reveal it.
I will finish this
with one blow.
[ref]
Moving on to our second match,
Iris Midgar versus
Mundane Mann.
Let the fight begin!
(blood splattering)
(ominous music)
(single heartbeat)
[Claire]
He's probably goofing off and
checking out the food stands.
(general crowd chatter)
(thunder rumbling)
(gasps)
[Iris]
What? I was sure he just...
(suspenseful music)
How?
He's so far.
What?
You're not attacking?
(gasps)
Impossible...
I backed away from him?
I instinctively
sensed my death.
(crowd murmuring)
Don't be afraid.
Fear makes your enemies
seem more powerful.
Reject the fear
and step forward
right into his striking range!
He cut me?
It can't be!
Was it an illusion?
But he definitely reached me,
and that means that
this entire arena
is in his sword's
striking range.
I've almost reached
the VIP seats,
but there are
no security guards.
(gasps)
They never even stood a chance.
(heavy sigh)
There's only one...
(gasp)
[Rose] I knew it; it was you.
Now go forward...
and fulfill your mission.
(gasps)
(blood splattering)
(whimpering)
(ominous music)
It's his eyes,
and a slight shift in
his center of gravity.
Those tiny changes were enough
to make me hallucinate
that he struck me.
(ungh)
It's not some trick that
relies on an artifact.
It is most definitely
his own true skill.
I know that much.
I know but...
If he can do that,
that would make him the
world's most powerful...
[spectators]
Hey, what's been going on
with Princess Iris?
-She just keeps staggering
back and forth across
the arena.
-Don't tell me she's afraid.
-Shut your mouth!
That's Princess Iris.
-How can you even say
something like that?
(continued mutterings)
(yaaah)
Don't let him confuse you.
Don't stand still!
Whether they're illusions
or real swords strikes,
I will strike them
all down together!
(hyaah)
[Iris] How?
His sword...
is in its sheath?
Is this another illusion?
No, everything else was.
A leading gaze and slight
movements of his body
were all tricks to make me
see things that weren't there.
To make me THINK
he was holding his sword.
(suspenseful music)
(ungh)
(music fading out)
What's the matter?
We're just getting started.
(thunder rumbling)
Aren't we, Iris Midgar?
(thunderclap)
(raindrops falling)
[Midgar] (sighs)
[nobles] She lost?
-No, not Princess Iris.
Impossible...
Iris Midgard was defeated
before she was able
to make a single move?
[Perv] And by such a...
You mean to tell me that
he has that kind of skill?
Not even the strongest
Dark Knight I know
would be capable of
such a stunt like that.
No, such a thing
should not be possible.
Huh?
An amazing technique...
I want to fight him.
(growls)
(indisticnt noble chatter)
[nobles] Isn't that...
-No, it can't be!
-Are you seeing this?
-I-I'm crazy, right?
-You're kidding, right?
She's here.
(ominous music)
(Perv laughing)
You finally decided
to come back to us,
my dear, sweet Princess Rose.
His Majesty awaited
your return.
(haltingly) Rose,
I'm so glad that you're back.
Please come closer.
[Rose] Father...
I've come to apologize for
everything I've done,
and for what I'm about to do.
I've made mistakes and I'm sure
I will make at least one more.
But as the princess of the
Oriana Kingdom...
and as your daughter...
I will follow the path
that I believe in.
[Oriana]
I forgive you, all your sins.
[Perv] Hey, I didn't
instruct you to say that.
How dare you think you can-
[Rose] Thank you, Father.
[Perv] Huh?
[Rose] Father!
(blood splatters)
(blood dripping)
(mumbling) Rose... I...
I... love... you...
(Rose sobbing)
(thud)
What in the...
Why would she...
You would kill your own father
without a second thought?
What is with you stabbing
people? How dare you?!
Who do you think was supposed
to benefit from this puppet's-
(gasp)
This is my last official act
as princess.
Stop her!
[Mundane]
Is that the choice you've made?
(glass shattering)
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
It's... it's you.
[Mundane] The time has come
to shed my disguise.
You're...
[Rose] But you can't be!
[Mundane] My name is Shadow.
Wait, I mean...
[Shadow] My name is Shadow.
[Rose]
The Stylish Bandit Slayer!
Huh?
[all] Stylish?
Bandit Slayer?
I can't believe
it's really you!
The one with such beautiful
fencing skills.
From the day I first saw you
wield your sword,
I've been determined to follow
the path of a fencer myself.
(maniacal laughter)
(blood splattering)
[Young Cid] Anyone who's
running is a bandit!
Anyone who's not running,
is a well trained bandit!
[bandits] He's a barbarian!
-Run!
-Don't kill me!
(bandits dying)
-Who the hell are you?
[Young Cid]
Take this! Stylish Sword!
[bandit] Boss! No!
[Young Cid] Go on and run!
And leave the money behind!
(suspenseful music)
[Young Cid]
Rough day for you, huh?
Be careful on your way home,
okay?
[Young Rose] Wait.
[Young Cid] Hmm?
Please tell me who are you?
[Young Cid] Me?
Good question.
I'm still in the middle
of my training so,
I guess you could say I'm a
stylish bandit slayer,
just passing through.
What does that mean?
The Stylish Bandit Slayer?
Shadow...
You have been the
Stylish Bandit Slayer
all along haven't you?
I really thought that was
a therianthrope girl.
Even at that age, you never
feared the solitude.
You continued the
fight against evil.
But I couldn't take it.
I just wanted to end my pain,
and I almost chose death.
I still have
the power to fight,
but I'm so scared. (small sob)
[Shadow] Raise your head.
(music ends abruptly)
Your fight has not yet ended,
Princess.
(suspenseful music resumes)
(Rose whimpering)
Right!
[Perv] What? Hey!
[noble] President Rose!
Get out of here now!
[Perv] Come back here!
Don't let her get away!
(gasps)
Sty... I mean, Shadow!
Damn it!
Where are my reinforcements?
Isn't anybody here?
I will do it.
(chuckles)
(blades clashing)
(music intensifies)
[Perv] Beatrix, the Goddess of
War, which means I can now...
(blades clashing)
(music fading out)
(ENDING THEME)